Create the VS Code 4.3.0 release note (#228)
wso2/docs-ballerina-vscode-extension: en/docs/release-notes/version-4.3.0.md

# Ballerina VS Code extension version 4.3.0

We are happy to announce the Ballerina VS Code extension 4.3.0 release with a few exciting new features and improvements. Following are the highlights of this release.

- [Entity Relationship Diagram](#entity-relationship-diagram) - Helps you visualize the ER diagram for your persist model file.
- [TOML config generator](#toml-config-generator) - Facilitates automatically generating the `Config.toml` file of your Ballerina project.

If you are new to Ballerina, you can download the [installers](https://ballerina.io/downloads/) to install it. You can install the Ballerina VS Code extension from the [VS Code marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WSO2.ballerina).

## New features

> Below are the new features introduced by this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: We have a doc best practice to have an intro sentence after the title.

## Entity Relationship Diagram

> With the latest Ballerina VS Code extension release (version 4.3.0) and <a href="https://ballerina.io/downloads/" target="_blank">Ballerina Swan lake Update 6 release</a>, now, you can generate an entity relationship diagram for your Ballerina program using the corresponding icon on the top-right corner of the editor panel or using the command palette itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the latest Ballerina VS Code extension release (version 4.3.0) and <a href="https://ballerina.io/downloads/" target="_blank">Ballerina Swan lake Update 6 release</a>, now, you can generate the entity relationship diagram for your Ballerina persist model. This feature can be accessed using the icon available on the top-right corner of the editor panel or using the `Ballerina: Entity Relationship Diagram` command available in the VS Code command palette.
```

![Entity Relationship Diagram](../img/release-notes/v-4.3.0/er-diagram.gif){.cInlineImage-full}

## TOMl config generator

> You can generate the `Config.toml` file for your Ballerina project automatically using the latest Ballerina VS Code extension release (version 4.3.0) by clicking the **Create Config.toml** option in the pop-up, which appears while running the program via VS Code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now automatically generate the `Config.toml` file for your Ballerina project. When you run the program via VSCode if there are mandatory configurable variables it will prompt asking if you would like to create the config.toml. If you select "Creat Config.toml" it will create the Config.toml in package root. If there is a Config.toml it will update it with new configurable fields. Also note Config.toml will be added to git ignore file to prevent keys from getting commited to git repository.
```

![TOMl config generator](../img/release-notes/v-4.3.0/toml-config-creator.gif){.cInlineImage-full}

## Improvements

Below are the improvements included in this release.

### GraphQL service designer

> A new option is added to the GraphQL service designer to filter between queries, mutations, and subscriptions, together with a few other improvements related to the GraphQL designer UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new option is added to the GraphQL service designer to filter between queries, mutations, and subscriptions.
```
